PKSH(1)                                                                PKSH(1)



NAME
       pksh  -  An  extension  of the tcsh with an embedded pcap-based network
       packet analyzer for network monitoring

VERSION
       This manual documents pksh 0.2.2

SYNOPSIS
       pksh

DESCRIPTION
       pksh is an enhanced but  completely  compatible  version  of  the  tcsh
       shell,  with built-ins extensions to include network monitoring facili-
       ties.

REFERENCE
       The next sections of this manual describe all of the  available  Built-
       ins  commands, and Special shell variables, with the major enhancements
       of pksh over tcsh.

   Built-ins commands
       bytes   Show detailed information about traffic (in terms of bytes)  on
               network interface(s).

       packets Show  detailed  information about traffic (in terms of packets)
               on network interface(s).

       pkarp   Query the ARP cache and display for hosts like the  'arp'  com-
               mand does.

       pkclose Close network interface(s).

       pkdev   List  network  interface(s) attached to the system suitable for
               packet capturing.

       pkdisable
               Stop collecting and processing packets on network interface(s).

       pkenable
               Start  collecting  and  processing  packets  on  network inter-
               face(s).

       pkfilter
               Display/Apply a filter to the a network interface.

       pkfinger
               Tell the host cache and display  information  for  given  hosts
               like the 'finger' command does for users.

       pkhelp  Help  [command]. If command is specified, print out help on it,
               otherwise print out the list of extensions

       pkhosts Query the host cache and display a table  of  hosts  viewed  on
               network interface(s) sorted accordingly to a given criteria.

       pklast  Query  the  host  cache  and display a table of hosts viewed on
               network interface(s) sorted accordingly to their age.

       pkopen  Open network interface(s) to look at packets on the network.

       pkstatus
               Tell  network  interface(s)  status  information  in  terms  of
               bytes/packets viewed.

       pkswap  Switch  to interface and keep history to implement an interface
               stack.

       pkuptime
               Tell how long the shell has been running  and  display  network
               information foreach packet enabled interface(s)

       pkwho   Query  the  host  cache  and display a table of hosts viewed on
               network interface(s) sorted accordingly to local network usage.

       throughput
               Show  detailed  information about traffic (in terms of through-
               put) on network interface(s)

SEE ALSO
       tcsh(1), tcpdump(1), ntop(1), pcap(3)

AUTHORS
       Rocco Carbone <rocco@ntop.org>



                                  14 Jun 2009                          PKSH(1)
